readme.md, before:

# THIS IS THE DEVELOP BRANCH

Warning- This is the `develop` branch of QMK Firmware. You may encounter broken code here. Please see [Breaking Changes](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/breaking_changes) for more information.

# Quantum Mechanical Keyboard Firmware

[![Current Version](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/qmk/qmk_firmware.svg)](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/tags)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/440868230475677696.svg)](https://discord.gg/Uq7gcHh)
[![Docs Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-ready-orange.svg)](https://docs.qmk.fm)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/qmk/qmk_firmware.svg)](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pulse/monthly)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/qmk/qmk_firmware.svg?style=social&label=Fork)](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/)

This is a keyboard firmware based on the [tmk\_keyboard firmware](https://github.com/tmk/tmk_keyboard) with some useful features for Atmel AVR and ARM controllers, and more specifically, the [OLKB product line](https://olkb.com), the [ErgoDox EZ](https://ergodox-ez.com) keyboard, and the [Clueboard product line](https://clueboard.co).

## Documentation

* [See the official documentation on docs.qmk.fm](https://docs.qmk.fm)

The docs are powered by [Docsify](https://docsify.js.org/) and hosted on [GitHub](/docs/). They are also viewable offline; see [Previewing the Documentation](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/contributing?id=previewing-the-documentation) for more details.

You can request changes by making a fork and opening a [pull request](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pulls), or by clicking the "Edit this page" link at the bottom of any page.

## Supported Keyboards

* [Planck](/keyboards/planck/)
* [Preonic](/keyboards/preonic/)
* [ErgoDox EZ](/keyboards/ergodox_ez/)
* [Clueboard](/keyboards/clueboard/)
* [Cluepad](/keyboards/clueboard/17/)
* [Atreus](/keyboards/atreus/)

The project also includes community support for [lots of other keyboards](/keyboards/).

## Maintainers

QMK is developed and maintained by Jack Humbert of OLKB with contributions from the community, and of course, [Hasu](https://github.com/tmk). The OLKB product firmwares are maintained by [Jack Humbert](https://github.com/jackhumbert), the Ergodox EZ by [ZSA Technology Labs](https://github.com/zsa), the Clueboard by [Zach White](https://github.com/skullydazed), and the Atreus by [Phil Hagelberg](https://github.com/technomancy).

## Official Website

[qmk.fm](https://qmk.fm) is the official website of QMK, where you can find links to this page, the documentation, and the keyboards supported by QMK.

Commit message:

readme note-to-self in case I revisit this later

readme.md, after:

# What have I done?
It looks like the Framework fork of `qmk_firmware` is not kept up-to-date with the upstream repo, and I got build errors when I just tried merging them together and compiling a keymap. I've checked out the most recent tagged release `v0.2.9` of the Framework fork and created a modified keymap for my board, which built and flashed successfully. If making changes later, it would be worth checking if there have been other tagged releases in case we want to pull in updates/fixes.

# THIS IS THE DEVELOP BRANCH

Warning- This is the `develop` branch of QMK Firmware. You may encounter broken code here. Please see [Breaking Changes](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/breaking_changes) for more information.

# Quantum Mechanical Keyboard Firmware

[![Current Version](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/qmk/qmk_firmware.svg)](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/tags)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/440868230475677696.svg)](https://discord.gg/Uq7gcHh)
[![Docs Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-ready-orange.svg)](https://docs.qmk.fm)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/qmk/qmk_firmware.svg)](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pulse/monthly)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/qmk/qmk_firmware.svg?style=social&label=Fork)](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/)

This is a keyboard firmware based on the [tmk\_keyboard firmware](https://github.com/tmk/tmk_keyboard) with some useful features for Atmel AVR and ARM controllers, and more specifically, the [OLKB product line](https://olkb.com), the [ErgoDox EZ](https://ergodox-ez.com) keyboard, and the [Clueboard product line](https://clueboard.co).

## Documentation

* [See the official documentation on docs.qmk.fm](https://docs.qmk.fm)

The docs are powered by [Docsify](https://docsify.js.org/) and hosted on [GitHub](/docs/). They are also viewable offline; see [Previewing the Documentation](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/contributing?id=previewing-the-documentation) for more details.

You can request changes by making a fork and opening a [pull request](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pulls), or by clicking the "Edit this page" link at the bottom of any page.

## Supported Keyboards

* [Planck](/keyboards/planck/)
* [Preonic](/keyboards/preonic/)
* [ErgoDox EZ](/keyboards/ergodox_ez/)
* [Clueboard](/keyboards/clueboard/)
* [Cluepad](/keyboards/clueboard/17/)
* [Atreus](/keyboards/atreus/)

The project also includes community support for [lots of other keyboards](/keyboards/).

## Maintainers

QMK is developed and maintained by Jack Humbert of OLKB with contributions from the community, and of course, [Hasu](https://github.com/tmk). The OLKB product firmwares are maintained by [Jack Humbert](https://github.com/jackhumbert), the Ergodox EZ by [ZSA Technology Labs](https://github.com/zsa), the Clueboard by [Zach White](https://github.com/skullydazed), and the Atreus by [Phil Hagelberg](https://github.com/technomancy).

## Official Website

[qmk.fm](https://qmk.fm) is the official website of QMK, where you can find links to this page, the documentation, and the keyboards supported by QMK.
